Mom, have an apple
Ah!
It's okay, mom, let's cut another one.
What a pity
without change
I'm not sick
Bullying you, don't talk nonsense
Fruit that I grew up dropping on the ground
This soul will never dislike it
Soul
Pick it up for me and eat it
Oh, dear.
Mom, what's wrong?
Is your stomach hurting again?
I'm going to the dean
I want
Then you are
come
Pinch
Mom, in this life
Sorry.
Sorry Mrs. Ye
The pain I'm in right now
It's God's punishment for me
Mom, slow down, mom
You didn't forgive me.
miss
Bring me the picture under my pillow
OK
Come on mom
Can't see clearly
Sure enough, God is punishing me
On my deathbed, he wouldn't let me see my own daughter
fine
And my thoughts
By my side
Tired of scolding
want to sleep
I want to sleep
Mom, don't sleep
Mom, you haven't seen Luoxue Qing yet
Together
Where is he?
I'm going to find him now.
You wait for me, you wait for me
Ah!
I'm still up.
Mom doesn't sleep
do not sleep
I don't sleep.